<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:composite="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/template"
      >
    <h:head>
        <title>Home</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet name="css/primeflex/primeflex.css"/>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <composite:megaMenuComponent />
        <h1 class="p-text-normal">About the developer</h1>
        <p:divider/>
        <div class="p-grid ui-fluid">
            <div class="p-col-12 p-md-12">
                <p class="p-text-normal">Hi, I am Shiva Gupta, student in Swinburne university of Technology. 
                    I have developed this project for the sake of learning. This application is built
                    using J2EE framework along with primefaces. All the data shown is sample data. 
                </p>
            </div>
            <h1 class="p-text-normal">About the technology</h1>
            <p:divider/>
            <div class="p-col-12 p-md-12">
                <p class="p-text-normal">
                    The application was developed using the following technologies: 
                    <ul>
                        <li><p class="p-text-bold">Java Database Connectivity</p>The database used here is Derby 
                            but the DB can be switched easily because JDBC provides that flexibility. 
                            We just need to download the drivers for the other database and the application 
                            would behave the same way. </li> 
                        <li><p class="p-text-bold">DAO/DTO pattern</p>Instead of the repository pattern 
                            we used the DAO/DTO pattern to map the database operations safely to the code.</li>
                        <li><p class="p-text-bold">Enterprise Java Beans</p>Specifically the Stateless session beans 
                            were used for this application, which means that the state is not saved between different users/instances.
                            But for this application the state is saved in the database. Hence, it would not matter much if we used the
                            stateless or the stateful beans. </li>
                        <li><p class="p-text-bold">CDI Managed Beans</p>View Scoped managed beans were used for this 
                            app because the bean lifecycle would be dependent on the view being used.</li>
                        <li><p class="p-text-bold">Java Server Faces</p>JSF provides an easy way to build the front end of 
                            a java ee application and a much easier way to connect to the managed beans. However a much powerful 
                            UI library - primefaces was also used to make the UI look good. </li>
                        <li><p class="p-text-bold">Primefaces</p>Primefaces is a strong and powerful UI library that 
                            can provide themes or components that can be connected to managed beans at the back end.</li>
                        <li><p class="p-text-bold">Composite Components</p>components like the menu bar or the data table that 
                            are used in every page of the application can be reused across every page of the application and 
                            this can be achieved using the composite library in JSF. The menu tab component is a reusable 
                            component that can be used across every page in the application using only a single defined composite tag.</li>
                    </ul>
                </p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </h:body>
</html>

